{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green84\blue150;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Bachelor\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Can Tangible User Interface improve the shopping experience in retail stores? 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
master thesis:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-952\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf2 CapFloor: An Interactive Luminous Floor using Capacitive Sensing
\b\fs96 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In this master thesis, we propose CapFloor, an interactive luminous floor consisting of LED-panels and a transparent capacitive sensing surface for tracking users in proximity or in contact. \
Before reaching our final prototype, we have been through an iterative design process. This process included, contextual inquiries and exploration of different sensing technologies. Additionally, we investigated the core difficulties that exists when using capacitive sensing in a sensing surface that is placed directly on an LED-floor. Finally, we show an example of how CapFloor can be used to guide and motivate users during their workout.\
\
This thesis contributes to the HCI community with an alternative approach to create interactive luminous                             floors. Through knowledge obtained during the design process, we contribute with:\
                      	An example of using interactive luminous floors for training guidance and motivation\
                            2.	An exploration of capacitive sensing.\
                            An overview of the advantages and limitations concerning a selection of technologies applied in interactive floors.\
\

\b\fs28 Praksisprojekt\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-952\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
Analyzing the Voice recognition module used by pathologists at Aarhus Sygehus
\fs44 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-952\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
From 2009-2011, Logica has continued their development on their voice recognition module for pathologists. In this context, the main purpose of our involvement was to function as consultants that should analyse the system development process and where Logica did good and and less good. \
Through our process, we conducted interviews, workshops and observations which the proposal are based upon.
\f0 \

\f2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
Through a case study focussing on Logicas voice recognition module for pathologists, we propose that their system development process can benefit from more user involvement and a more formal structure in both their design and decision process.\
\

\b\fs28 Interactive spaces\
\
Creating an interactive prototype to engage visitors in the exhibition
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 In the course Interactive Spaces we were given the assignment to create an interactive prototype for The Botanical Garden in Aarhus. Throughout our design process, we focus on and work with the tropical space within The Botanical Garden. In the beginning of the course, we were on a guided tour where Kamma and Karen, two employes presented some of their ideas and problems linked to the exhibition at The Botanical Garden.
\f1 \

\f3 One of the problems revealed through the tour with Kamma and Karen was how to pass on information about the plants and trees in a more engaging and understandable way. By using the literature from the course and feedback from both the teachers and Kamma and Karen we have created a final concept. \
\
The final concept contains a mobile application and physical instalments that makes an engaging and educational learning experience for children and their families. Through the concept, we attempt to make visitors explore the tropical space and seek information about plants and how the nature relates to humans. We do this without disturbing the current aesthetically experience that exists in the space. \'a0\
\

\b\fs28 Innovation project
\b0\fs24 \
\
Personalise cars through the use of personal preferences\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 In the course Innovation Project at Aarhus University, we have explored how IT can be used in the area of car sharing to personalise cars. Through interviews, observations, and research we have studied how people personalise the spaces they inhabit and how they creatively use technologies to exercise their personal preferences.
\f1 \

\f3 Through these observations, we have identified a need for customization of car interiors to create a personal relationship between the passengers and the car itself. To comply with the observed findings, the concept enables color change of certain design features within the car. Furthermore, by combining color change with research within the field of color psychology we aim to contribute to, or create a personal atmosphere within the car. 
\f1 \

\f3 The concept involves two different aspects; one to support the creative process of establishing a personal relationship between the car and the user by letting the driver or passenger change the color manually. In the second one the color changes automatically according to certain context specific inputs. \

\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf3 The concept was presented to Volkswagen through a physical prototype, poster and a pitch. We received positive feedback about the way we had chosen to incorporate the light into the cars existing design features, as well as using our findings from the field of color psychology to create or support personal atmosphere. Furthermore, they were interested in how we imagined thermochromic ink could be used in interplay with the airconditioning system.\
\

\b Shape changing interfaces
\b0  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-952\sa180\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Conscious Cloud: Experimenting with Imagined Physics to Induce Hedonic Aspects and Behavioral Change 
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-952\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 In this project, we explored how transitions, light, interaction, shape-change and materials can create a metaphor that cause feelings and change in behaviour within people. Through experiments and the making of prototypes, explored each of these design parameters and how they impact the hedonic goals.
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Our research contributed with additional knowledge to the creation of imagined physics through the use of shape-changing interfaces. It showed us how the interdependency of movements, materials used, light, sound created and type of shape-change can contribute to a hedonic and behavioural change. Furthermore, the research conveyed some problems that emerged when putting all the design parameters together when building a strong metaphor and how a small change in the choice of a material can cause relaxation instead of frustration and anger. \
For future work, we propose an investigation of how light can work as a design parameter at the same level as material and interaction. Finally, we want to test our prototype in a real world scenario to get concrete insights from users as also proposed by [6]. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
video: 
\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnROe8hvjHA
\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
                   \
           }